- [Shonna] I'd like to thank you for taking this course.
We just covered a lot of topics
that will hopefully get you started
on your test-driven development journey
using the Spring Framework.
We just covered a few reasons
for why test-driven development is as important
as so many people believe it is.
We covered how to use the JUnit testing framework
to do unit and integration testing
on three major component stereotypes.
That includes controllers, services,
and data repository components.
We also showed how and when you will need
to complement the JUnit framework
with other testing frameworks
that best fit a particular test objective,
such as using Mockito for mocking components in a unit test,
or the MockMVC framework for unit testing controllers.
And we showed how to use DBUnit
for creating more thorough data access layer tests.
If you're interesting in continuing your learning
on this subject, I would highly recommend the book
Test-Driven Development by Example by Kent Beck.
You can also follow me on Twitter @coderighter
where I will occasionally share things
that interest developers
and my fellow agile-minded software professionals.